# group-9-p1
Analysis:
The number of youtube Tech videos is continue raising from 2019 to 2023. We can also see from 2020 to 2022, there is a huge increase of tech video upload. 2020-2022 has the top 3 view counts from 2019-2023.
View count from 2020-2021 has the highest increase and the the total number of videos has the highest increase from 2021-2022. The may result from the high view counts in 2021 and the video creators make more tech career videos because it is getting more popular. 
There is a high percentage in 2021 (~67%) because the COVID vaccination rolled out in December,202-. Then we can continue to see the increase in 2022 which also reaches to the highest vaccination rate. In 2022, vaccines were becoming more accessible, so more people have completed the 2 doses. 
The view counts are the highest in 2021. In 2020, we experienced shelter in place and layoffs due to COVID. People maybe tended to think about switching career or strengthening skills, so we can see from 2020-2021, there is a sharp increase of the tech video views. In 2021, after the vaccine has rolled out and people started to get vaccinated, we are starting to see the light of ending the pandemic. People may have a eager thought of strengthening their skills to help them get ready after the pandemic ended which may lead to tech video gets popular in that year.
In 2022, the view count has a small drop compare to 2021 but the vaccination rate is the highest. Since more people finished the 2 doses, and the society are softly re-opened during that time, people may be able to get back to their original job and career field, so the mindset of switching career may become less stronger. Also, people may watch those tech videos in 2021 to get prepared for job market after the pandemic ended. 2022 maybe the year that people to put in action after they learned from those videos.  
From 2021 to 2022, there is a high increase for tech video uploads. Since people are getting vaccinated in 2021 and high view counts in 2021, video creators may create more videos about tech careers due to the increase in popularity in 2021. With the COVID vaccine, it created a hope for getting back to normal. Video creators upload more tech career videos and hoping to provide a help guide for people on their career plan after the pandemic and get more view counts at the same time.
